Dear Mr Krishtul,

I’m having a hard time figuring out how to start this letter so that
it doesn’t sound like a generic sales pitch, or like that email people
used to get from a Nigerian prince. But here’s my best attempt.

My name is Greg Nield and I like your bands a lot. They’re great and
seem to allow for a much more difficult workout then the many other
bands on the market. Recently, two of my co-workers and I created an
android app (soon to be available for iOS in July) that is dedicated
solely to workouts for when you are not able to get to a gym, due to
location or time constraint. It’s called “The Wherever Workout App”.
Its routines allow people to work out in hotel rooms, at the office,
or at home without much equipment at all. We released our first
version in November and it has been very successful (although we still
are perfecting it each week). We’ve already had over 34 thousand
downloads for the android and, since we started tracking usage three
months ago, we consistently see almost a thousand workouts a day. We
have already been featured in a couple of military-base newspapers as
“suggested workouts” for traveling military personnel.

And, for our next step, we have have been talking about getting a
sponsor.  We feel that creating routines with resistance bands would
be the next logical step. From our usage statistics, our most popular
routines are done for people at work or travelling or in a very small
space.

This is where I felt that that Aylio’s bands would be a very good
partnership for our next big release. Bands that could be put in a
suitcase or a small work bag would be ideal for our users. Also, an
app is great way to highlight your products (along with routines) and
get immediate and very detailed feedback about what users think about
it.

Regardless, I felt that your products would be an amazing fit to
advertise and collaborate with our app. Hopefully this sounds
interesting to you. But in any event, I’d love to hear your opinion!
Even if it’s “You should make video games and leave exercising to the
experts.” If you would like to talk (email or phone) please let me
know.


Yours truly,

Gregory Nield

